Add the Tekton Pipelines Helm chart (#7080)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/tekton-pipelines/README.md

# Tekton Pipelines

## Overview

> The Tekton Pipelines project provides k8s-style resources for declaring CI/CD-style pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Tekton Pipelines project provides K8s resources for declaring CI/CD pipelines.
```

> Tekton Pipelines are **Cloud Native**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tekton Pipelines are **cloud-native**:
```

> - Run on Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- They run on Kubernetes.
```

> - Have Kubernetes clusters as a first class type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have Kubernetes clusters as a first-class type
```

> - Use containers as their building blocks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- They use containers as their building blocks.
```

> Tekton Pipelines are **Decoupled**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tekton Pipelines are **decoupled**:
```

> - One Pipeline can be used to deploy to any k8s cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One [Pipeline](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/master/docs/pipelines.md) resource can be used to deploy to any K8s cluster
```

> - The Tasks which make up a Pipeline can easily be run in isolation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Tasks`](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline/blob/master/docs/tasks.md) which make up a Pipeline can easily be run in isolation
```

> - Resources such as git repos can easily be swapped between runs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Resources such as Git repositories can easily be swapped between runs
```

> Tekton Pipelines are **Typed**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tekton Pipelines are **typed**:
```

> - The concept of typed resources means that for a resource such as an `Image`, implementations can easily be swapped out (e.g. building with [kaniko](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko) v.s. [buildkit](https://github.com/moby/buildkit))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The concept of typed resources means that for a resource such as `Image` implementations can easily be swapped out. For example, you can build images with [kaniko](https://github.com/GoogleContainerTools/kaniko) or [buildkit](https://github.com/moby/buildkit).
```

> To learn more about the Tekton Pipelines, go to the [Tekton Pipelines repository](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the Tekton Pipelines, go to the [Tekton's `pipeline` repository](https://github.com/tektoncd/pipeline).
```
